Documentation Improvements (#144543)
microsoft/winget-pkgs: doc/Authoring.md

## Creating your first manifest

Once you have a package in mind that doesn't already exist in the repository, you can now start [creating your package manifest](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/package/manifest?tabs=minschema%2Cversion-example). We recommend using the [Windows Package Manager Manifest Creator (a.k.a Winget-Create)](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-create) to help you generate your manifest. Winget-Create is a command line tool that will prompt you for relevant metadata related to your package. Once you are done, Winget-Create will validate your manifest to verify that it is correct and allow you to submit your newly-created manifest directly to the winget-pkgs repository by linking your GitHub account. Alternatively, you can use the [YamlCreate.ps1 Script](Tools/YamlCreate.ps1). More information on using YamlCreate is found in the [script documentation](doc/tools/YamlCreate.md).

## Installer Architectures

> If you are authoring a manifest yourself one of the important things to note related to installer types is architecture. In many cases the installer itself may be an x86 installer, but it will actually install the package for the architecture of the system. In these cases, the installer type in the manifest should target the architecture of the system it will be installed on. So in some cases the actual installer itself targets x86, but in fact it will install an x64 version of the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are authoring a manifest yourself one of the important things to note related to installer types is architecture. In many cases the installer itself may be an x86 installer, but it will actually install the package for the architecture of the system. In these cases, the installer type in the manifest should indicate the architecture of the installed binaries. So in some cases the actual installer itself targets x86, but in fact it will install an x64 version of the package.
```
Since I can install an x86 version x64, I want to remove system from this and focus on the architecture of the actual binaries.

## Creating your first manifest
Once you have a package in mind that doesn't already exist in the repository, you can now start [creating your package manifest](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/package/manifest?tabs=minschema%2Cversion-example). We recommend using the [Windows Package Manager Manifest Creator (a.k.a Winget-Create)](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-create) to help you generate your manifest. Winget-Create is a command line tool that will prompt you for relevant metadata related to your package. Once you are done, Winget-Create will validate your manifest to verify that it is correct and allow you to submit your newly-created manifest directly to the winget-pkgs repository by linking your GitHub account. Alternatively, you can use the [YamlCreate.ps1 Script](Tools/YamlCreate.ps1). More information on using YamlCreate is found in the [script documentation](doc/tools/YamlCreate.md).

> ## Installer Types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installer Architectures
```
